>>So we were back
at the vesica piscis
in the little bump inside
the back of the mouth.
And what that does is it goes
up to the thalamus glands.
And when you're
massaging that, it
begins to fire alpha like
crazy in all four quadrants.
You could take a
long time to learn
how to fire that much alpha.
But when you're on top of that
spot, the alpha's going crazy.
If you move off the
spot just a tiny bit,
the alpha goes down
to almost nothing.
Alpha is essential for higher
spirituality and higher
consciousness.
You do not have
a choice in this.
You have to be able to fire
alpha at a certain level
and relatively balanced
across the four quadrants.
If you can't, you can't proceed.
It's just the way it is.
And alpha, by the way, what it
is, one single word, is joy.
Children are filled with it.
A baby is just one big alpha
machine and teenagers too all
the way up through there.
They've got lots of
alpha being fired out.
But as you get older, the alpha
starts dropping at 25 and 30.
And by the time you're at
40 and 50, it's way down.
By the time you're in your
70s and 80s, the alphas
just probably gone away.
And then you start
entering into theta.
And eventually, you enter
into delta, and you die.
And alpha is a key though.
You can learn how to,
even if you're old
and you're not
firing alpha, you can
learn how to redo it and
change your age very quickly
in one week about 15 years.
It puts back your life.
And it changes everything.
But it's essential
for meditation
and for what we're doing.
And this is partly
the reason why
some people have to do
it for so long to be
able to figure it out.
Now they didn't know this.
Like, the Hindus and the
Tibetans that are teaching this
don't know anything
about the alpha.
They know what to
do, but they don't
know what's actually going
on on these kind of levels.
And this has really helped.
Dr. Hart came to a workshop
I gave near Quebec once.
And he's been studying this
for 45 years or something.
And he used to work for the
government for a long time.
And then, one time
many years ago
when the government
realized what alpha was,
they made it illegal to study
it all over the whole world
because it makes people
superhuman if you really
know where it leads to.
And so they just shut it
down all over the world.
No alpha research.
But of course, the governments
secretly keep right on going.
And he was in the
government program.
And they kept right on going
studying the alpha research.
And then, when it
became legal again,
he came back out on his own
and started studying meditators
all over the world.
And at this point, they've
mapped every single level
of consciousness known to man.
They got maps of it.
And they can take you into any
level of consciousness you want
and actually experience it.
You can become a paranoid
schizophrenic if you want.
You can do anything you want.
They can show you
exactly how to experience
what another person is
experiencing so it's not just
an idea, or a
theory, or something.
But you can actually
experience it.
And so you can take them into
any level of meditation also
that would normally
take many, many years.
He can get you in a few
days just into anything.
But I didn't know who
he was when he came in.
He's a very eccentric person.
He wears, like, white suits
and pink shirts with blue ties.
And he's got red
hair out like this.
And looks like Willy Wonka
in the Chocolate Factory.
He's a nice guy.
And he's a very serious person.
But he's just eccentric
on his own side.
But he came and he wanted
to study what I was doing.
I didn't know that
he was studying me
while I'm talking it.
And so he pulls a couch
up right in the front.
He pulls a couch from the other
room, drags it all the way
and gets it right
there, and lays down.
[LAUGHTER]
And he says, OK.
And he went through
this whole procedure.
This is what they do.
He's got a team of people that
go around all over the world
and study with
everybody from Sai
Baba to all different people.
And they learn
what they're doing.
And they get into the practice.
And then, they go back
to their equipment.
And they've got equipment
that doesn't exist anywhere
on Earth but with
him that he's made.
And they put gold electrodes
all over your entire head.
A big trunk of these things
come out, plugs into a wall,
and behind the wall's a million
and a half dollar's worth
of this computer stuff
and a team of experts
that can operate all
this stuff and read it.
And from there, within
probably less than a minute,
they know everything about you.
Absolutely everything.
They know precisely
what map you have
and what your situation is.
And from there, they
can begin to lead you
through different levels
of higher consciousness.
It's just that
it's so expensive.
That's the only thing
because it cost them
8 and 1/2 thousand dollars
just in seven days just
to process one person.
And so it's 15,000
just to be able to go
through this training
for seven days.
But seven days of this
training is equal to 20 or 30
years of meditation.
So it depends on, if you got
the money, it's really worth it.
If you don't have the
money, then I don't know.
But it's expensive.
That's the only problem.
>>What's his name?
>>Dr. James Hardt.
If you want to know
more about him,
he's got a website
called Biocybernaut.
You know, like an astronaut.
Only he is a biocybernaut.
So he's going through inner
space inside the brain.
And he leads you through
all these other worlds
that are inside of you.
If for some reason you
are interested in this,
let me know because he's
very interested in any one
that I send to him.
Here's why.
When he was sitting
on there, he went
through all the procedures, did
everything we're doing here,
he learned how to do
it, then he went back.
And they practice
it for a while.
Then, they get into a
chamber with all this stuff
on like that.
And they can measure
what this procedure does.
They can actually measure
it relative to other forms
of meditation around the world.
And it blew his mind because
the highest he had ever recorded
was about-- and
I don't know what
this is reference to because
they don't tell me exactly
these things.
But the highest that he'd
ever recorded was 700.
And they did find somebody once
that got up to almost 1,000.
But when he went back
and did this procedure
and the whole thing through,
it went up to 3,500.
And he came back to
me and says, OK, I
don't know really who
you are or what you're
doing on a lot of the levels.
But what you're
doing, we would like
to really investigate this.
And so he gave everything to me
free and just said, you know,
if you'll come in
here, I really know.
And I did it because
I knew he was
going to be checking me out.
But I wanted the access
to the equipment.
[LAUGHING]
I had my own agenda
going on there.
I said, sure.
Take me.
[LAUGHING]
And it saved me because for
three years prior to that,
I was trying to find
out where the place was
in the roof of the mouth.
And you know, and you read books
and those things like that.
The angels were not telling me.
They were letting me do this.
And I could not find it.
I didn't know where it was.
But in three days there, I
knew exactly where it was.
I did his training for
the first two days.
And I was just going
through his training.
But then, once I got
it how it all works,
they're using sound in
a totally black room.
And they use sound because
you can't use light
because that triggers
the pineal gland back on.
And these very specific
kinds of sound.
And there's no entrainment.
This guy's really
against entrainment
where that's where
you get something
that is a machine that puts
you into a particular state.
Now they can do that.
But when they're training,
they don't do that.
And so you're getting
direct feedback
from your brain at 350 times
a second of exactly where you
are, precisely how much you're
putting and in which quadrants.
And you're gonna
know everything.
And they're not telling
you what to do with it.
You're just learning
how to create alpha,
how to make it balanced, and all
these other things like that.
And so on the third day,
I said, OK, I got it.
And it was seven days long.
I said, OK, I got it already.
I know where we're
going with this.
And so I just popped out the
Merkaba, put beams of light,
turned them on, did this
thing, got it all set up
in what we're about
to talk about,
and then look for that place.
And I found it within
minutes because you're
going-- here's the sound.
It went [LOW BUZZ SOUND]
like this.
And then, you hit
that one spot and it
goes [SHRIEK SOUND] like that.
Whoa, was that, you know.
You go back there, and you find
that one spot [SHRIEK SOUND].
[LAUGHTER]
And so when I was
out of my session--
a session is about two
hours-- I opened the door.
And a whole team is standing
there going, what did you do?
How did you do that?
So I told him, well, on
the tip of the tongue
and the roof of
the mouth, there's
a certain spot and
all this stuff.
And he puts a rubber
glove on my hand,
and says, stick your finger
in my mouth and show me.
[LAUGHTER]
It's right there.
And so they run out, put
electrodes all over their hand
because this is a
big jump for them.
They never seen this before.
And they all get in there.
Nothing happens.
You have to be in your heart.
These are scientists.
You can't be in your brain.
It doesn't work.
And it took them awhile
to figure that one out.
And so he was able to do it.
But none of the other
people were able to do it.
None of them.
And so he didn't understand
the importance of that.
So we've had a
long conversation.
He totally gets it now.
But I learned so much from that.
I'm so grateful
for that happening
because I'd probably still
be trying to figure this out.
Anything below the
neck is biofeedback.
Anything above the
neck is neurofeedback.
And there is no
known neurofeedback
in the world's
entire research that
lets you know when
you're firing alpha.
That's what they think.
It's not true.
And he knows this now.
But it's not known in the world
because what they know in India
in the meditators there is
that when you're-- and they
don't know what's going on.
All they know is you
have to sit there
and meditate for days, and days,
and days, and years, and years.
And usually, around
20, 30, or 40 years
later, this thing
happens, which is
you're sitting there
meditating and a green light
appears inside your
eyes instantly.
The whole field of vision has
this green light inside of it.
And the green light
is the neurofeedback.
It tells you when you're in
this particular vibratory rate.
When you get there in that
spot, that's when you know.
The green light could
sometimes be green yellow.
And it can sometimes
be green blue.
And for some reason,
most people I'm finding
are toward the green blue.
Much more blue
than anything else.
But it's still greenish.
And that is the secret key
to higher consciousness
is this green light.
It means that you've got
a strong alpha production
and that the four
quadrants are balanced.
Now they have a computer pops up
every so many minutes with four
quadrants.
And they give you a readout.
It tells you exactly you're
getting feedback on that wave
so you can actually
see, precisely,
how much is in each
one of your quadrants.
And I had a low
quadrant in my left.
My three quadrants were high.
But I had a low one
in my left rear.
And so I had to figure that out.
And I figured out exactly
how that worked, too,
before I got out of there.
The little bump on
the back of the thing
is divided into four sections
exactly like the brain.
And it's a mirror image of it.
I'll show this on here
a little [INAUDIBLE]
If you want to stimulate
this brain, you
stimulate the quadrant
that's appropriate over here.
And that one goes up.
And once I figured
that out, I was
able to take this an increase it
over three times in one session
by just knowing exactly
where to rub on this thing.
But that won't do you any good
if you don't have the readout
to know where the one is low.
So I mean, that's
why that stuff is
so-- it would be so great
if that could be, like,
$100 or something.
I mean, it would just
accelerate everybody in here.
It would be like a slingshot
coming out it's so fast.
But there's not
much they can do.
It just costs a lot because it--
>>Group discount.
[LAUGHTER]
>>He can only take
five people at a time
because each one has
your own chamber.
And those chambers are
really, really expensive.
And then it's the crew
that has to monitor.
You're monitoring everything.
You're monitoring
heartbeat, and rates,
and blood pressure, and all the
changes, and all this stuff.
Not just alpha, too.
You're going through gamma,
and alpha, and theta,
and delta in all
the various stages.
All of it's being read out.
You're looking at everything.
You're looking at
these patterns.
Three dimensional patterns
that are coming off the brain.
It's a lot of stuff.
And from all of that, they
can tell what's going on.
And it's just one of
those things, you know.
I've had discussions with them.
And we do know how
to make it cheaper.
But initially, it would cost
a couple million dollars.
You'd have to create a three
dimensional virtual reality
program, which could then
be put down into a single
like a Mac G5 Quad, which
is a supercomputer really.
And then, once you
do that, you would
be able to-- one
single person, they
could map everything at
once on this computer.
And the computer
itself could analyze
what's going on if you
have the right programs.
But they just don't have this.
It's hard.
I mean, for three years
before that-- of course,
I didn't know what
I was doing then
in those first three years.
I didn't understand.
The angel within
and says you got
to put your tongue on
the roof of the mouth.
And you got to find this
place and everything.
But I didn't know
what was going on.
I had no understanding of that.
And that's why almost anybody
going through Korea yoga,
they don't know
what's really going
on inside of those levels.
So it's up to the
instructor to get
them do that it
still takes a long,
usually before they
really get good at this.
If you can develop that, fine.
Sure, all things are possible.
But I didn't know how to do it.
And now I've learned
so much from this.
It's changed everything
in meditation
for me because now I
know what I'm doing.
And hopefully, this will
help me transmit this
to you so you could save
many, many, many years
and go straight for the point.
And that's my prayer.
That's what I hope will happen
here before we get out of here.
So where is the point?
We got to figure
this part out first.
Then, there's more.
There's a lot more.
But this is the
first thing of where
this thing is in the mouth.
So if you're looking at the
roof of the mouth and this
is the teeth.
This is the roof of the mouth.
Here's the center line
running right down
the center of your mouth.
There's a place here where
if you go down your throat
on the top of the
mouth going down,
you have two kinds of
skin in your mouth.
You have the hard palate
and the soft palate.
And so if you put your tongue
up in the roof of your mouth
anywhere up toward
where your teeth are,
you're going to feel it's
really, kind of, stretched
tight.
And it's smooth up in there.
Now if you run down
the center of this,
you'll keep going down.
And some people's tongues are
not long enough to do this.
But if you keep
going back, you're
going to find that you have
this soft, bumpy skin, which
is called the soft palate.
You feel that soft, bumpy stuff?
OK, if you're on soft, bumpy
stuff, you've gone too far.
You'll also notice,
if you really
start meditating
with all this, there
is a vesica piscis on
the roof of your mouth.
It's shaped like this.
And right here, you're going to
have another one right there.
And this is the place
you're looking for.
It varies in different
people anywhere
from a 16th of an inch to
maybe a quarter of an inch
on from the bump of the soft
palate onto the hard palate.
And so this little
spot right there
is very narrow where you've
come off of the soft palate
onto the hard palate.
And that's the tip
of that right here.
And then, the pump is
right behind there.
OK?
And so just from that
little bit of instructions
would save you years.
A lot of people are up here.
They're going on to actually the
roof of the mouth up in here.
And there's nothing there.
You could do that forever,
and nothing's going to happen.
However, there's a little
detail I want to throw out
is that when you
have teeth removed,
it changes the
configuration slightly.
And where a tooth is removed,
if you rub that area,
it will also fire alpha.
I don't know why, but it does.
But it's not actually what
you're trying to get to.
And it's not strong enough
to do what this does.
You have to think of
this of sex because it's
very much like sex.
I mean, the alpha is only
fired, the stimulation is only
happening, while the
timing is rubbing it.
The moment you remove it, the
alpha stops instantaneously.
It requires stimulation,
exactly like sex.
There's no different
because it really is.
So the other thing is I'm going
to blow this up right here.
And this is that there.
And it's divided
into four quadrants.
The brain.
And this is the nose.
So you're looking at
a head from the top.
And the brain, you saw
this at another one.
It has a reflection.
>>Are you showing [INAUDIBLE]?
>>No, this is the brain
from the top of the head.
And this is the nose.
And this is this
little bump right here.
There's a relationship
between this and the brain.
And I just wanted to get this
out because it was, kind of,
a pretty important discovery.
For me, this is the north
pole looking down this way.
Here's the nose.
It's here.
And this was my low quadrant.
And I found out
that if I massage
this quadrant
diagonally across them
here, this would cause
alpha to be fired.
If I just massaged
only that quadrant,
only that quadrant would be
where the alpha comes out of.
And so I can switch it around.
So normally, if you're
trying to do the whole thing,
you just keep moving it
around all four quadrants back
and forth or any way you want.
But you have to keep moving it.
There has to be a
physical touch of the tip
of the tongue on this
point or nothing happens.
>>>>[INAUDIBLE] so
small [INAUDIBLE].
>>Well it's about that long,
usually, for most people.
And you can do it.
I did it.
So you can do it.
You can, but this information
doesn't do much good if you
don't have neurofeedback.
If you don't have any
feedback coming back,
you can't really
access that very well.
But I just wanted to
throw it out there
because there might be
researchers in here that
want to go further with this.
>>I went to an
alternative doctor once.
And I have a little bump
right in that location.
And he said about 15% of
the population of people
have a little raised
bump in that area.
I think it's the area.
And I'm not entirely sure.
But in a group this size,
there should be a few people
that have a bump there.
>>Well some people have a hole.
>>Yeah.
>>Some people will have a bump.
And some people it's flat.
>>And a liquid will
come out once in awhile.
>>Yes, that's right.
We'll talk about
that in a bit, too.
It is a sexual thing.
[LAUGHTER]
By the way, this is
why if you've ever
noticed what babies do when they
get all cranky and everything
and they're crying
and everything else,
what do they do?
They stick their thumb in their
mouth exactly on that spot.
And they got this smooth
part of their thumb on there.
And they start rubbing
it and sucking it.
And very quickly, very,
very quickly, usually, they
calm down.
And they feel good.
And it's because they're
firing alpha now, which is joy.
And they feel great.
And as long as they suck
their thumb, they're fine.
But the moment they
pull it out, wah.
They're back again.
>>Where is it in relation to
the uvula at the very back
because I can feel
that distinctly.
>>The u-- I don't know names.
>>You know that--
it's that red thing.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>The little hangy guy.
>>Oh, way in the back
of the soft palate?
>>Yeah because I can feel
that, like, distinctly.
>>Oh, no, no, no, no.
It's not on the
soft palate at all.
>>So it's more--
>>It is on the hard palate.
>>On that edge, OK, cool.
>>It's right on the edge.
That's what I was trying to say
is that this is soft palate.
After this little wavy
thing, that's soft palate.
This is hard palate.
And you come back from the soft
palate onto the hard palate
just a little tiny bit.
And that's where the
edge of the tip of it is.
And the other thing is,
like I said, if you suck it,
you can suck your thumb,
or you can pull it down
with your tongue
by pulling it down.
Then, you can start rubbing it.
But as soon as you start
rubbing it, after a few minutes,
it's going to swell up.
It will get big.
And after about 20,
30 minutes, this thing
is so turned that
even anywhere near it.
It's not just on it.
But you can even be
way off to either side,
and it doesn't make
any difference anymore.
It spreads in the whole area
on the back of the mouth.
The whole area up
in here becomes
sensitive but not for a while.
I was doing this for
three hours a day.
I would walk out
and my tongue was--
[LAUGHING]
I couldn't even hardly talk.
I was so tired.
And in Kriya yoga, with
Yoga Ananda, a lot of times,
they tell them to
do it all the time.
As long as they're awake
to keep doing that.
And I can't stay focused that
long for any one thing ever.
And I can't imagine doing that.
You'd have to have a super
muscle tongue after awhile.
I mean, you're going to see
when you start doing this.
A lot of people do it for 15
minutes and get exhausted.
Their tongue just,
sort of, falls over.
They can't do it anymore.
[LAUGHTER]
>>Yeah.
>>I did a little bit of suction,
created a little vacuum,
and then I could--
[MAKES SOUND] the little dimple,
the little hole, went up.
I could feel then the
impression of the palate
and the soft thing real easy.
And then, it was right there.
It's right there from
that dimple forward
onto the palate a little bit.
Right?
>>Yeah, that's right.
>>OK.
>>I mean, if you just start
massaging that one place right
now, you'll see in a few
minutes that the bump gets
bigger and bigger.
And it becomes extremely-- just
the very, very, very, very tip
of your tongue makes that thing
just keep getting excited.
>>I have three bumps now.
What does that mean?
I have three of them.
[LAUGHING]
>>This is a new one.
I haven't heard this one yet.
[LAUGHING]
>>I have three of them.
I thought at first it was four.
But the longer I kept
touching them, there's three.
And they're all, like,
in a circle right there.
1, 2, 3.
>>Oh, maybe it's--
right together?
>>Yeah.
>>Maybe it just hasn't
fully come out yet.
It might not be fully
expanded out yet.
OK, I think this
is pretty clear.
Let's go back to this now.
So you're in the tiny
place of the heart.
This is the key.
None of this will
work if you're not.
And there is a relationship
between here and this tongue.
It goes up on the mouth.
That then goes up
to this area up here
where there is the thymus gland.
I'll just do it with
dotted lines, kind of.
They're toward the back.
They're big, bigger.
And the pineal gland is
nestled right in there.
And then, the chakra is forward.
So this, the heart
space, is connected
through the roof of the tongue
onto the roof of the mouth.
From there over to here
begins to fire alpha.
While you're doing that, the
next thing that you have to do,
you're waiting for this
green light to appear.
It hasn't appeared.
So you have to keep doing this.
Even when it does
appear, you can't stop.
If you ever stop, it's over.
It's over in a half
second, everything.
You got to start over.
But once you've got it
going, you can stop.
A lot of times, you
have to wet your mouth
or you get drier than--
You can stop, wet your
mouth, and keep going.
And even though it'll
stop during that time,
it'll start up instantly.
Again there's
hardly any time lag.
So you can stop long enough
to stop dryness, et cetera.
But the next thing that happens
is the pineal gland itself,
the actual gland, you have
to put your attention on that
while you're down here.
You're assuming that these
beams are all up and connected.
And that's already taken place.
And you're down here.
And you're rubbing this thing.
And you're exciting
the alpha waves.
While you're waiting
for the green light,
you have to do another thing.
And you go to the
pineal gland itself.
Now remember, the
pineal gland is an eye.
Like I said, it's hollow.
It has color receptors
on it, has a lens on it,
but the lens is looking up.
And with intention,
you have to get the eye
to turn and look out
through this place.
Now I'd like you to do this.
Measure this.
Go up, and find out, and rock it
over until you find that spot.
That spot is where you're
going to look out of.
If you look out of any other
place, this won't work.
So you have to realize that
when you're closing your eyes,
you tend to look out through
this level of your eyes.
But now you're going to
be asked to not look out
through this place but look
out through this level up here.
That's another stumbling
block that people sometime
takes years.
They do the meditation.
And they got their eyes closed.
But they're looking
out through their eyes,
not through this place up here.
It's essential.
This is the reason why they also
in kundalini and Kriya yoga,
they have you slightly
cross your eyes and look up.
You're not just
looking up anywhere.
You're looking up at that spot.
You want to cross your eyes
and look up to that spot
so that when you are doing
what we're about to say
you look out through this place
up here because it will not
happen if you look out
through down here, OK.
>>>>[INAUDIBLE]
green light go off.
>>Before the green light.
You have to get this
part going before you
see the green light so when
the green light happens,
you're ready for it, OK.
So you rotate the eye.
And to show you in The
Great White Brotherhood,
if you read their
instructions, it
tells you that in the pineal
gland there's a flame of light.
Obviously, they didn't know
what they were talking about.
And that you have to bend the
flame so that the flame points
toward this direction.
Well, what it really is is you
have an actual eyeball there.
And with your intention, just
like with these eyes, when
you look over here, you want
to use the same intention
that you used to do that.
But you put your attention here.
And with your intention, you get
that eye to rotate and look out
of this place.
That's the next thing.
Then, there is
another chakra point
right here right in front.
And this one is connected
to the pituitary glands.
And that eye has to look
at the pituitary gland.
Once you do that,
you're now in position
waiting for the green light.
There's no sense in
going any further
because, without the green
light, you can't do anything.
And so once the green light
appears-- and it usually just,
kind of, fills your
field of vision.
Some people see it with
blotches and stuff.
But we're all different.
But no matter how it appears,
as soon as you see it,
you continue looking from
here to this point in front.
Higher than here, up here.
And when this happens and
when you see this happen,
you will know this is happening.
It won't be, did that
happen, or maybe or what.
It's absolute for sure
because the green light
will, 90% of the
time, it's going
to do what I'm about to say.
And then there's a
few other exceptions.
The green light will come in,
form right before your eyes,
and form a spiral.
And the spiral
will go from here.
It'll go like this.
It'll go [SOUND EFFECT] and
it'll lock on this thing here.
And you feel it when it locks.
It's amazing.
It'll just spiral right in.
It doesn't matter which
direction it goes.
But it's going to go
[SOUND EFFECT] and lock.
And when it locks, there's
one more step you do just
to give you the big picture.
You have another chakra in space
in front of you at about there.
That chakra point, you
actually have two more.
You have another one here
and you have another.
There's five channels
that go up the body.
And each one has five
chakras associated with it
in each straight line.
So there's another
one back here.
There's another one
out behind your head.
Then, we don't care
about those right now.
This one's out in front.
If you want to know where
it is, [INAUDIBLE] thing.
That's where it is in
space, out in front of you.
And so once you see that spiral
come in and lock these two
things together,
with your intention,
you look through the pineal
chakra here to this one.
It's really easy.
That part's easy.
It just takes a moment of
intention, go through, connect,
and it does.
And when that happens, when
these three are connected
all together in this way
while you're in your heart
and you're still rubbing your
tongue, this sphere appears.
And this whole thing
begins to glow.
And you have a halo.
You'll be able to
photograph it or see it.
And James Hardt has photographed
this scientifically many times.
And you are now in the
exact place where Jesus was,
only he was there all
the time, day and night.
And at that point, you
are in the position
to be able to create anything.
Excuse me, not true.
You are in the position
to create certain things.
I'll have to explain what
I mean by that in a moment.
And as long as you're sitting
here, and this is going,
and this is linked
in here like this,
your third eye now is wide open.
And whatever image
that you see here
that you decide what you
want, or if you're just
being a channel and you're
letting God move through you,
whatever image comes
here, it comes into here.
Once this is all
linked, it actually
first appears in this
sphere around here
around your head
right around here.
But the Leonardo sphere, the big
one that goes around out here,
you know, that one passes
through this same point
up here in the 13th chakra.
And this sphere,
and that sphere,
and that point, and that
tube, and everything
are all connected to this point.
And the image
first appears here.
And then, an instant
later, appears
in the big one out around you.
And that is all
that creation is.
Once it appears in this
big sphere out here,
it's in the outer world.
It's an illusion.
The whole thing is an illusion.
But that's where the image
actually is is around you.
And at that point,
it is in reality.
Unlike this way of
creating where you're
creating from the brain,
anything you get from here
has to come to logically.
And you will find
out how it does.
But when you create
from this way using this
while you're in your heart
space, there's no logic.
You're going to have things
appear out of nothing.
You will see it happen.
No one else in existence
will ever know it happened.
However, when you get beyond
a certain size of creation,
and I don't know what
the prerequisite is
is where this size
changes exactly,
but it's pretty
much anything that's
affecting you and your body.
Like, you can heal
yourself from this way.
And you can affect small
things that are around you.
But the moment
you go into things
that are bigger
outside of your family
and going out into the world, it
requires three people minimum.
Three or more.
And it has to be one male, two
females, or two females and one
male.
It's this thing that
we talked about before.
Making a human baby takes a
mommy, a daddy, and the baby.
And the baby can
be male or female.
And so this is how it works.
You will see that
this is really true.
And when you do understand
all of this, and you do it,
and you see it's
true, you're not
going to be human much longer.
Your evolution is just
going to go straight up.
You're going to go really
fast and very soon.
And don't make a
big deal out of it.
I mean, it's not important.
It's just another
step of consciousness.
It works because
when you're in here,
you don't have an ego here.
And this eliminates the ego
during this time completely.
What happens is this.
It's kind of funny,
but it's true.
If you create from this
other way over here,
ego is totally involved
in this, completely.
But in this one here,
when you're in your heart
and you're bringing
an image forth,
normally, if you're in a
normal state of consciousness
and the heart tries to bring
an image to the surface,
the ego says, no
way, I'm in control.
Get out of here.
And it won't let the
heart do it, just refuses.
But when the heart
does this and becomes
male and through the
sexual energy of this,
and begins to fire
alpha, and the brain goes
into joy and pleasure, and these
things are linked in there,
the ego is so much in pleasure
it basically says to the heart,
OK, OK, anything you want.
[LAUGHING]
You can have it.
It's OK.
And it allows it.
Where it would never
allow it normally,
it will allow it under
these conditions.
If you're here permanently,
there's no more ego.
And anything that you do
is going to come directly
into the surface.
And that is the ancient way.
This is how we always were.
This is how we were
before we fell.
We lived in our hearts.
And we used our brain remotely.
It was like a remote
thing that we used.
And it was a function
of the heart.
But we lost it when we left
here and moved up to here.
Then, the ego was developed.
And you could see
what's happened.
It's a catastrophe.
It's horrible.
Look at our world.
Everybody's trying to kill each
other because everybody thinks
that they're more important
than somebody else, which is not
true.
We're all equal.
Even in the spiritual
hierarchy of the universe,
the higher you are, the more you
know that all people are equal.
It doesn't matter.
I mean, we look at people
like Buddha, and Muhammad,
and Jesus, and people
like this like they're
really important people.
They might be
important in the sense
that they brought
something forth to us.
But are they more important
than the universe?
I don't believe so.
If there was a
drunk in the gutter,
totally smashed and
drunk, he's just
as important as
anyone else because he
has God in him just like Jesus,
or Muhammad, or or Buddha,
or Lao Tzu, or anyone else.
And so these ideas of we're
better than someone else
is just a bunch of garbage.
And it's what's caused
all the destruction
and pain and everything
else in the world.
If we were all doing this
and we were living here,
there would be no
problems in the world.
When we know exactly what
to do to solve the problems.
We just don't want
to do it, you know.
I mean, look what
happened in New Orleans.
We didn't go in there
and solve those problems
because we didn't
think it was, I feel,
because it was
mostly a black place.
And a poor, black place, too.
If it was black Beverly Hills,
it would've been different.
And it's the same thing
all over the world.
We just don't care because
we only care about ourselves.
And that is a brain function.
And it's not normal.
It's an illness.
It's a disease.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>Yeah, I'm going to go
back through the whole thing
carefully.
This is to give you the
overview of how this all works.
Then, we're going to
have to go through it
and practice it and go
through all the various steps
to get there.
And then, when we
get it all together,
we'll go outside in a beautiful
place, and do the final thing.
And hopefully, you'll
be able to do it.
>>Drunvalo?
>>Yes?
>>You said that your
wife creates differently.
>>Yes.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>Well no.
[LAUGHING]
This is all a male way
of do-- in other words,
this is what actually happens.
But a female doesn't have
to know these details.
She just has to
understand the basics.
And then, a pure female
could sit there and just
say, OK, do this, you know.
[LAUGHING]
And it happens with her.
The whole thing just lines
up, and does all the things,
and it works.
But the male can't do that.
He's got to go step, by step,
by step, by step, by step.
So the female can just look at
the map and say, oh, I get it.
And then, arrive
there very easily.
So my wife does it
all through imagery.
Same way you get
it in the heart.
I'm having us leave the
brain, go to the throat,
go down, and move in.
And that's a very
male way to do it.
She would just have
you-- I actually
don't know what she would do
because she's really female.
And she would have an image
that you would step into.
And before you know it,
through just images,
you would be in your heart.
>>Now you said
that with the ego,
the ego created things that
are different than the heart.
So material things
are not ego things?
>>No.
>>Like, if you would be creating
things that are personal
for you personally--
>>Everything out here
is just an image.
It doesn't exist.
It isn't even electromagnetic
fields or all that stuff.
That is just part of
the structural patterns
that we've created.
It's more about how we arrange
things in the order of space,
and time, and dimension.
But I mean, we're very,
very, very advanced people.
We think that we're
just human beings.
But we really are on another
level of our existence.
We're amazing.
We're incredible.
We've created this ability to
create worlds and live in them.
I'm speaking with a
race right now that
has created hundreds
of thousands of these,
and they know it and
of other universes
different than this one.
And you can just
go inside of these.
They're put in
different crystals.
And you go inside the
crystal and, poof, you're
in another world.
But it's like a holodeck.
It's the closest thing we have
that's like what we're in.
So you can get into the
science or the physics of what
the structure of the
images of how it's arranged
and everything.
But from a female point
of view, who cares.
>>No, my question
was creating things
that are to please the ego.
You know, if that's
going to the heart
to create things that
are from the ego, that
works the same way?
>>Well I didn't quite
understand that.
>>OK, so if you'll
go create money.
You'll go create relationships.
You go create stuff.
That's ego creation.
>>Not necessarily.
>>If it's only pleasing you.
>>Well still not necessarily.
>>No?
>>If you're using this
technique, it's definitely ego.
And whatever you
create from there
is going to be a problem,
as we talked about before.
If you're living in your
heart, if you exist here,
and you're not anywhere else,
that's where you're existing
and you reconnect this
back to the brain,
there's no ego involved.
In other words, this is what I
meant by you can do it or not.
We are these things?
I swear slides are
so much better.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>Oh yeah, here it is.
[LAUGHING]
It's hiding in plain sight.
Here, you can either
use attention or not.
But when you're in the
heart, if you're actually
in the heart, when
you're in that space,
you don't have an ego.
Whether you realize it or not,
you may pull images to you.
But it's for the greater
good of your family
or all people in life.
You come from a different
point of view, you know.
You can still pull money.
I mean, Claudette
is amazing at that.
I mean, she's pulled in
unbelievable amounts of money.
And she goes, I think
I'll go make some money.
And she just sits
down, and there it is.
But doesn't care about herself.
She only does it for her
family or for her animals.
She loves her animals.
And you'll see what I mean.
But when you go
down here and then
you enter in like
we did yesterday.
But then, usually
within minutes,
we're right back here again
because the ego pulls us back.
But if you keep going down
there, keep going down there,
keep going down there,
eventually, the ego
gets weaker and weaker.
This get's stronger
and stronger.
And then, that point
happens where you have
this orgasm that takes place.
And you are linked
here, at that point.
And at which point, it's
really easy to do this.
When you're doing it when you're
not fully established here,
sometimes you even
jump back and forth.
How many people felt
themselves doing that?
You're down here, and up here,
and then you're back here,
and you're back here, and
you're going back and forth
because it scares the ego.
The ego really resists you
going in there, usually,
because it knows it's, kind of,
like a separate being from you.
Yeah?
Oh, I'm sorry.
>>Sometimes in
Kundalini yoga, you're
instructed to look
how you instructed
through the third eye or
sometimes through the back,
and sometimes to the nose,
and sometimes to the chin.
Do you know the differences?
>>I haven't studied-- I
mean, I knew Yogi Bhajan,
one of the instructors.
But I wanted to go
study with him on that.
I couldn't do it because of the
violence associated with it.
And my heart just
wouldn't let me do it.
And that was one
of the instructors
I was supposed to go study with.
And then, I just couldn't do it.
And the Sikh's were
attacked by the Hindus
a long, long time ago in a war.
And it ended up leaving
three Sikh's left.
And they just said this
would never happen again.
And so they've developed
this fear that's within them.
And so with Yogi Bhajan,
you go and study with him.
And you also have to
learn how to kill people.
You basically learn how
to shoot machine guns,
and throw hand grenades,
and crawl through this--
it's like military.
And it's because
they don't ever want
to be-- if there ever
attacked again, they're
going to be prepared.
I don't agree with that.
And I'm not saying
he's wrong or right.
I just, personally,
didn't want to do it.
And because of that, I never
was able to really understand
the full levels of that.
But I do know that he was
involved with the chin.
So you're saying that they
rotated to the nose, which
is another chakra.
Or down to the chin,
which is another chakra.
Or they're coming out the
back, which you have two
of these coming out the back.
So you have another eye.
You can turn this eye so
it looks out the back,
as well as out the front.
And I don't know what
all that is about.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, I got it.
OK, but you know, I'd
like to talk to you.
And the other thing
is too is that when
this green light
turns into a spiral,
there's other things
it could turn into,
just so you don't get shocked.
The other one is that sometimes
it'll make concentric rings.
And it'll do that kind
of thing and lock down.
Another one is and I've
only seen this once,
but I've had other people
see it, it forms a mandala.
Inside here is this really
intricate Hindu mandala.
That's what it looks like.
And then, a smaller one
forms inside of that one.
Same one and then a smaller
one forms inside of that one.
And it does the same thing
with this, only with a square.
And there's another one that
actually happens with me
more now where it forms a
hole that is kind of like this
if you think of this as
a tube going through.
A tube is formed
between here and here.
And you see right through it.
And you can feel it connect.
There may be something else.
But these are the only four that
I've ever experienced myself
that I've seen.
This one, though, from
talking to lots of audiences,
it's about 90% or more.
Of all the people,
this is what they see.
It does this thing
when it gets in there.
This is what enables the
creation to come forth.
Usually, when this
is set up, you're
seeing this through the pineal
gland itself through the brain.
In other words, people
used the third eye
with a brain function,
not with a heart function.
And you can do that, just
like you can create just
through the brain.
You can also use this third eye
to create through the brain.
What I've given you so
far is the basics of this.
And there is another
whole area that I'm just
going to talk about right
now for a little while.
But I'm not going to
go into great detail
because it's not necessary.
In essence, this
sphere is one of three.
And I mentioned this before.
In the sacred geometry
of the human body,
you can actually see
there's five spheres that
go all the way.
But the center one
and the top two
form this pattern
and a connection.
I'm just going to
describe it visually.
So if you took another sphere
that just touches this one,
same size as this one, come
like that through the body,
and then another one that
comes underneath here,
the sphere that's under
here is connected directly
to the heart.
The middle sphere.
And the one directly
underneath that
is connected to,
primarily, the uterus.
So now when you talk about
the one on the bottom,
you have to talk about a male
and female in sexual union
and put them together
and use both components.
But what it's focused on is
the uterus within the female.
And the heart has the
ability-- one more thing.
There's an access point to
all three of these spheres.
And all three of
them are, basically,
a vesica piscis or a vagina.
The bottom one is obvious.
It is a vagina.
And when you see that
there's eight tubes that
come out similar to this.
And you really
begin to understand
what the penis-- how
it relates inside
of those things--
and it's an extension
through the tubes itself.
It's directly connected.
And with the heart, the
opening to the heart,
is the solar plexus.
But if you look at the
actual physical solar plexus,
it's a vesica piscis
that looks like a mouth.
And it's opening.
And it's another opening,
it's another vagina opening,
that goes up into the heart.
This is blocked in
almost everybody.
It's so rare to find
anyone that doesn't have
their solar plexus blocked.
And that has to do with
families and our weird situation
with egos and everything now.
The heart has 10 beams.
It has this one also.
And it's very flexible.
The heart can choose.
It can either go up and
connect with this upper sphere
in this way.
Or it can go down and
connect with the genital area
and create in an
entirely different way.
It's another
creation process that
has to do with breathing in
something that we're not even
associated with, this one here.
And if you go down, that's the
one that requires three people.
And it's where you can,
actually, create anything.
No limit whatsoever.
You could actually
create a galaxy.
And I've had this experience.
I've seen it happen.
It's amazing.
You can create anything at all.
There's no limit.
Absolutely none between the
creation processes there.
But the angels are telling me
that that's not appropriate
right now.
That we don't need to
create another planet.
We just need to fix
the one we're on.
And that's what this does.
This is pure creation.
This is, I would say,
it's like adjustments.
You can make minor adjustments
within the creation
through this.
And so you can't create
a planet up here.
You can't do anything.
But you can actually
clean up the entire oceans
in a breath or eight
breaths, actually.
You could change
everything in the world.
You can do alterations of stuff.
You can adjust
things, fix things,
but you can't do the big things.
That requires the
uterus to do that.
And so when the heart goes up
in this level up here, which
is all we're talking
about now, they
wanted me only to focus
on that because that's
what we need now.
When we get through this and we
get into the fourth dimension,
we're going to get a much
taller body, a bigger brain,
we're going to understand
a whole lot more,
and we'll know how to
do the whole thing,
and we'll be on another level.
But all we need
to do now is just
get out here and get into
this other room, kind of,
this other place where
everything from there on in
is automatic.
It's perfect.
We don't have any
problems at all.
We just have to
correct this mistake
we made 13,000 years ago
so that we can get back
to living here, the power
place and the creation
place of everything.
And you know, I could go on
for days really, and literally
days, just on
what's in the heart
and what's possible
through that.
You will discover it yourself.
And a lot of it will
come through memory
because once you get
back to this place,
your memory is going to slowly
come back or maybe quickly.
I don't know.
But your memory's
going to come back.
And you're going to
remember everything.
You're going to remember
who you really are, where
you came from, everything.
And why you're here,
what this is all about,
and as we make these
changes into the higher
dimensional worlds, you're
going to remember having
made these changes before.
That is all going to seem
a totally natural thing.
So there's really
nothing to be afraid of.
There's nothing to
be concerned about.
be worried about.
Everybody's going to make it.
Whether you want to or not,
you're going to get there.
And so the only thing
you have to do right now
is just do the best you can.
That's all that is required
is just the best you
can because the best that
you can is perfect for you.
And just do the best
you can in this,
and the best you can in
everything else like that,
and it'll all come about.
No problem.
OK, you got a question?
>>Hi.
This question isn't designed
to challenge your abilities
or anything like that.
But if it's possible to clean
up the oceans with four breaths,
or eight breaths or whatever,
why don't people like yourself
or someone else in that
consciousness, why don't they
do that?
>>For me, this is not my job.
I've done things that are pretty
huge but only because I was
asked to from my higher self.
But I'm not here to do
any kind of changes.
I'm only here to tell you
something about yourself.
You're the one that
has to do this.
But I can give you examples.
You know, it's like,
oh, I don't know.
This is, sort of, a
stupid one, I guess.
It's like how I got my house.
[LAUGHING]
I don't know if that's
a good one or not.
Some of them I can't talk
about because they're
stuff I'm dealing
with that we've
done things that are
global that are stopping
wars and stuff like this.
But I can't really-- I
started to talk about some
of that stuff.
I'll just talk about this one.
It's a little thing.
It's just a house.
But it'll explain it.
I was living in Payson.
And I had a house there.
We paid $240,000 for it.
And I didn't have
a lot of money.
I didn't at that time anyway.
And we decided we
wanted to move here.
When you move here, that same
house here would be close to 2,
2 1/2, million dollars because
that house was 4,500 square
feet, I think it was.
Three stories high with 2
1/2 acres, a horse ranch,
and an unbelievable view.
And it was gorgeous.
And that here would be
really, really expensive.
So when we moved here,
we had to downgrade.
Go up a lot in
price and downgrade.
And it was really difficult
to do this because I
don't want a mortgage.
I just wanted to pay it off.
And so we were looking at it,
we found a house that we liked,
it was $900,000.
And it was much smaller
and everything else.
But it was the same problem
no matter what you did.
They're all expensive
here compared
to where compared to
where I was coming from.
And this house didn't even
have nothing on the outside.
It was just dirt.
It hadn't been
completely completed.
And so we went back home.
And Claudette and I
says, well OK, that's it.
We need to get that.
But how we gonna do that?
And I go, I don't know.
Then she says,
meditation, let's go in.
And we did this in meditation.
And it was only the two of us.
There wasn't a third component.
But this was small.
This is, kind of, personal
and it works on small things.
And three days later,
this woman drives up.
We don't even have a For
Sale sign on our house.
Drives up, knocks on
the door, and says,
I really like your house.
Are you willing to sell it?
And my wife thought
she was a realtor
and told her to go away.
[LAUGHING]
She goes no, no, no.
She says I want
to buy your house.
I'm not a realtor.
And so they started talking.
And so in the meantime,
the house was $899,099.
And the guy was going bankrupt.
And he dropped it to $750,000,
which made it a little easier
but still might as
well been $8 million.
I couldn't afford it.
So she comes up and
says-- we were just
into the middle--
she says, look,
I'll give you a check
for $750,000 right now.
[LAUGHING]
We will take that.
Yes, we will.
And so she was happy
because she thought
she was going to have to pay
a lot more for it because it
looks like a very
expensive place.
But I don't think
she really knew what
houses sold for over there.
But we didn't have to
appraise it or anything.
She just wrote a check.
And so we did.
And I took the check back over.
Cashed it.
It was real.
And we went back to this
place, put a thing down for it,
and we offered them $740,000.
And they took it.
And the closing
cost was $11,000.
So the house I have
now cost me $1,000.
[LAUGHING]
And that was through meditation.
Absolutely, it was
through meditation.
That's how we did it.
And it's OK because
of how we got it.
It's not going to harm anyone.
As we find out now, she
has over $100 million.
So that didn't mean
anything to her at all.
It was just what
her heart wanted
because she was into horses.
And we had built a beautiful
horse facility there.
And it was exactly
what she wanted.
And so it didn't hurt her.
It definitely didn't hurt us.
And that's how we
got into Sedona.
And I use this for everything.
I know that in terms of you
can struggle through life
and try to make things
happen, but if you live here
and you just stay in this place
that whatever it is you need,
you can have it.
It's OK.
She decided that she wanted
to move her son to Sedona.
He wanted to move here.
And so she did this again.
And then, this guy from Russia
came right after she did this.
This guy from Russia
came in and says,
you know, he would like to
hire her at $2.2 million a year
to do this thing like how
I'm doing here right now.
And that provided all the money
to buy her family a house here,
and move them up here, and
everything else like that.
And there's no side effects
from it like on the other one.
This is totally
harmless to anyone.
But it's not just money.
It's anything.
If you have a disease,
you can get rid of it.
You can bring
yourself into balance.
You can change
anything in your life.
But that's still
centered on you.
It's OK to do this.
But on the other
hand, you eventually
have to get to the
place where you're
going to use this for the
world and for other people.
And as you understand this,
this is part of spirituality.
When you really get this, you
can't keep this for yourself.
It's illegal.
You can't.
You can't be given
something of this value
spiritually and just to hide it.
You have to use it for the
good of all life everywhere.
And if you do that,
then you keep growing.
If you don't do that,
you will lose it.
And so it's just the
nature of the reality.
But it's OK to do that.
But eventually, you're
going to have to give out.
That's why I keep
doing these things.
I keep giving to you because
I've been given this.
I can't keep it.
I have to give it to you.
And it has to go out.
And the times going to
come when all of you
when you really get to this
level and understand you're
going to have to go
out and help others.
It just is the way it is.
But it's good.
Giving is how you receive.
And it's just the
nature of reality.
The more you try to
hold back, the more
you don't have anything.
The more you isolate yourself,
and then you're poor,
and you can't move anything.
I remember when I was
first learning spirituality
and I was just
connected to the angels.
And I decided to
give everything away.
I don't know if I wrote
about this or not.
But I gave everything
to everybody.
I said, here.
You can take this.
You can have this.
And the final thing, I
had this car, this RV,
that I was living in.
And I said, well, I'm going
to give that away, too.
I remember when I gave it, the
guy just couldn't believe it.
He said, you're
giving me your car?
[LAUGHING]
Yeah, take it, please.
But every time I
would give stuff away,
I would get money coming
back from some other way.
And finally, I gave up.
I couldn't give it away because
the more I gave it away,
the faster it would come back.
And it's just karma.
It's just the way it is.
But seldom do we
have the courage
to be able to step
over into that world.
We're usually so afraid that
we're going to lose everything
or we're not going to
be able to pay our bills
or something like that that
we stay frozen in this place.
It's like the monkey holding
the apple in the jar.
And they won't let go of
it, and they would be free,
but they won't.
And so most of the world is
sitting around in that way.
And even if they knew
this, a lot of people
wouldn't have the courage to
be able to really step over
into that totally free place
where you're just connected
straight through God
to do everything.
You have to become fearless.
And that's why all
the ancient ones
in Egypt, and the
Incas and the Mayans,
they've all done
these things to when
they get the initiatives
that are going to this level
to become fearless where
you don't care if you die.
You don't care.
It's not about caring.
It's just that you're
not afraid to die.
You're not afraid to step
over into another way of being
because you have to do it.
It's 100%.
You have to go all the way.
And so I hope you take
this to the level where
you can see that it's true.
It's OK to experiment.
And you can experiment on small
things, little things that
wouldn't hurt anything,
and see it happen,
builds your confidence
up, and then go
for something a little bigger.
But this is a case where
size doesn't matter.
I mean, I guess it does in
terms of whether you're going
down or up in this procedure.
But up in this here, you can
do small things or things
that are bigger.
But from here, if three
people came together,
and they focused on
the oceans, and they
were fearless in the
state, and they really
understood what they do,
they could get all the carbon
dioxide out.
They could bring the
oceans back to the way
they were in more recent times.
I believe, and the angels
have told me this is true,
that we cannot ascend until
we clean up the earth.
We have made a mess here.
We've done so much damage.
So what are we going to do?
Go to another planet and
destroy that place too?
We have to learn how this
creation process works to be
able to go to the other levels.
But before we leave, we have
to use this to bring everything
back into a perfect balance.
And then, we can go.
And that may happen over a
very short period of time,
like a day or two.
Very quickly the world gets
it together, we understand,
and we solve the problems,
and then we choose to leave.
Yes?
Excuse me.
>>Drunvalo, for those who
experience that as technical,
could you briefly tell us
the female way to do that.
>>I'm not female so it's really
hard for me to tell you that.
I wish my wife was
here because she
knows more about
this than most people
in terms of how to do that.
I'm sure there's
lots of people that
understand as much as she does.
But she does have it down.
And it's different.
As much as I've tried to
understand what she's doing,
I still don't really get it.
And I still have to
map everything out.
It's just who I am.
It's the way it is.
But for her, when I talked
about the Blue School,
I've told you about
everything I know.
And she does know how
to use the images.
But to her, you're
just an image.
Everything is just an image.
And anything you create
is just an image.
It's just the idea
if you understand
that the outer
world, and the body,
and the inner world, and all
of it is just consciousness.
Reality is consciousness.
Then, it begins to make sense.
If you think it's
real, then it becomes
more complex of how
you change things.
>>So if you keep bringing
yourself down to your heart,
and you feel that
you're in your heart,
and you're step by step through
your life and in the waking
dream from your heart, and
you're feeling the energy,
the prana, and you're intending
to connect with all life and do
the will of the universe or
the will of the connection
in the heart, and you're
aware about the basics about
the Merkaba, and the beams of
light, and the pineal gland,
that would be--
>>Well there is something
more that she does.
She understands all that.
And I don't really
understand what
it is because she's brought
back the ancient world
into modern times.
So she's brought a way
of being, and thinking,
and perceiving from 6,000 years
ago into the 21st century.
And it's different.
So whenever I try
to understand, I've
given up now because
I don't understand
how she uses these images
the way that she uses them.
It doesn't make any sense to me.
I know it works.
I could see that it works.
I've had classes
where I've had her.
We used to work together
for a long time.
And I would start in with this.
And then, I would turn it
over to her for a couple days.
And she would be doing
all this imagery work.
When we do that, aw man,
it's easy for me after that.
It's just after
that I could just
fly because the people
get it on another level.
Without her, it's much
harder for me to do this.
We were just talking about
this this morning, actually.
She was just saying this
morning that maybe we should
get back together and teach.
But in a way, I think
it would, kind of,
be better if there was
back to back workshops
because mixing those two
things back and forth
is, kind of, confusing
for a lot of people.
But if she gave
a workshop first,
it's better if she does
it first and get everybody
into their heart.
And they know what that is,
and they're already there.
Then, it's really easy for
me to connect everything
back together after that.
It's funny because we haven't
talked about it in a long time.
We were just talking about
it this morning at breakfast.
>>I just wanted to say a thing
or two about your influence
on mankind.
I mean, I know indirectly
there's a lot of things
that you can't
necessarily speak on.
But directly, there's
a lot of people
that are using your work.
A lot of people are
giving you credit.
Most aren't.
But there's so many
things, especially
with the flower of life.
And it's work with
electronics and just things
that aren't really
coming to surface.
And it looks like
you're just going
to be another one
of those people
that most people won't
really appreciate
as much until they're gone.
I mean, I'll speak for myself.
Like, your influence with me
and geomancy and body art.
And I've just completely
transformed my outlook
on marking people based on your
knowledge on the sacred sites
and our influence on
the planet with it being
its own organic structure,
the Gaia theory, and stuff
like that.
So I just wanted to thank you
from the bottom of my heart.
And you definitely deserve a lot
more credit than you're given.
[APPLAUSE]
>>But it doesn't really matter.
What does it really matter
if we know who it was
or who it wasn't that
started these things.
It's like almost everything-- I
was talking to someone-- almost
everything that's going on
today in terms of psychology
didn't come from
Jung or from a Freud.
It came from Wilhelm Reich.
And Wilhelm Reich, you could
trace almost every single thing
from-- I can't even think of the
names of the stuff right now.
But almost every single
psychological process
that's going on goes
back to Wilhelm Reich.
Yet, most people
don't know that.
They don't have any
idea about that.
But the effect is the same.
And all that really
matters is the changes
that take place in people.
I mean, I know, but I
don't really care myself.
You got to do it.
You're going to be
in the same position.
You're going to
know all this stuff.
You're going to be
doing this stuff.
And then, your higher
guidance is going to come in
and say, OK, you
got to give it back.
And you'll start either with
family, or starting out,
or teachers, or whatever you do.
And it isn't so much
who it is or how it is.
It only matters that we wake
up and we remember who we are.
And that's all that really
matters is that, really.
OK, let me quickly
see the time again.
Oh, it's 1:06?
>>1:00.
>>We're late.
OK, we got to a good
place right now.
We're going to go to lunch.
And when we come
back, that's when
we're going to start
practicing everything.
And then, we'll go out
and do the final thing.